A million [bleep]ing diamonds! Yeah, that's a cultural problem is what it is. You know, your average American male is in a perpetual state of adolescence, you know, arrested development. (Hey. That's the name of the show!)

Are you aware of this? Coming soon. Indeed. I know, I just call her Annabelle cause she's shaped like a…she's the belle of the ball! Do you have any idea how often you say the word "afraid"? Well, I know I used it in the Jacuzzi. And guess what else is back. [slow wink] My breakfast? My friskiness. Mama horny Michael. Everybody dance NOW. I hear the jury's still out on science. Those are balls.

She's trying to prove that she's closer to my children than I am, but the joke's on her, because she doesn't know how little I care for GOB. Whenever she'd change clothes, she'd make me wait on the balcony until zip-up, and yet anything goes at bath time. The worst that could happen is that I could spill coffee all over this $3,000 suit. COME ON.

Don't call my escorts whores. In the mid '90s, Tobias formed a folk music band with Lindsay and Maebe which he called Dr. Funke's 100 Percent Natural Good Time Family Band Solution. The group was underwritten by the Natural Food Life Company, a division of Chem-Grow, an Allen Crayne acqusition, which was part of the Squimm Group. Their motto was simple: We keep you alive.

We need a name. Maybe "Operation Hot Mother." No, let's try to top that. (They never did.) How do you know Steve Holt? Are you in AA? She calls it a Mayonegg. If you don't start pulling your weight around here its going to be shape up, or…ship up. Did Ted make an appointment? No. Well then Ted can GET THE HELL OUT OF THIS OFFICE! YOU GET THE HELL OUT! Today I learned this is a real place, tho more lush than the OC. This is not what it looks like. It looks like you're tweaking her nipples through a chain-link fence.

Taste the happy, Michael. Taste it. It tastes kind of like sad. But anyhoo, can you believe that the only reason the club is going under is because it's in a terrifying neighborhood? I deceived you, mom. Tricked makes it sound like we have a playful relationship.

Okay, Lindsay, are you forgetting that I was a professional twice over - an analyst and a therapist. The world's first analrapist. I need a tea to give my dingle less tingle. Well, I hope you also carry a spare bowl of candy beans. Turn this skiff around!

No, no, it's pronounced a-nal-ra-pist. What about macaroni – let me finish – salad? You are a worse psychiatrist than you are a son-in-law and you will never get work as an actor because you have no talent. Ah coodle doodle doo, ah coodle doodle doo. I am having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich. I just don't want him to point out my cracker ass in front of Ann. Heyyyyyy, Uncle Father Oscar.
